README.md, before:

testobject-gradle-plugin
===================

Build instructions
------------------

1. Open IntelliJ
2. Ensure maven project is detected (click Refresh if not)
3. Build Project
4. `mvn install`

TestObject Gradle Plugin
------------------------

Use this plugin to upload your apk and test apk to app.testobject.com and execute the provided test cases.

If it's need you can also run your test cases as a package. This is recommended for users who are using a custom runner to do internal filtering.

At the end of the test run a junit xml file will be written into the folder named "testobject" under the build folder of your project. This xml file holds the information about the test run and it can be integrated with your jenkins server.

See the sample build.gradle config below:

```
buildscript {
        repositories {
                mavenCentral()
                maven { url 'http://nexus.testobject.org/nexus/content/repositories/testobject-public-repo' }
        }
 
        dependencies {
                classpath 'com.android.tools.build:gradle:0.12+'
                classpath group: 'org.testobject', name: 'testobject-gradle-plugin', version: '0.0.39'
        }
}

apply plugin: 'android'
apply plugin: 'testobject'

android {
	...
}

testobject {
	username "your-username" // the username you use for login into testobject, not your email
	password "your-password" // your password you use for login into testobject
	team "a-team-name" //the name of the team the user belongs to, see nr. 1 in screenshot below,  (optional, if the user is not part of a team)
	app "your-app-name" // name of your app, see nr. 2 in screenshot below
	testSuite 17 // id of your test suite, see nr. 3 in screenshot below
	runAsPackage true // This is a new feature we recently brought. If you are using custom runners and doing internal filterings we recommend you to use it like this. If not this option can be deleted or set as false
	failOnUnknown true // If you want your test to fail when one of the devices in the test suite is unavailable, set this property to true
	classes = ["com.testobject.foobar.Test1","com.testobject.foobar.Test2"] // This property can be set to run only some test methods
	tests = ["com.testobject.foobar.Test1#test"] // This property can be set to run only some test methods
	annotations = ["com.testobject.annotation.Test"] // This property can be set if you want to only run tests that has this annotation. If the annotation is set on the class then the methods will also inherit it and will be run
	sizes = ["small","medium","large"] // This property can be set if you just want to run tests that have @SmallTest, @MediumTest and @LargeTest annotations. Like annotations, class annotations will again be inherited by the methods 
	testTimeout = 60  // This property can be set if you expect your test suite to take longer than 60 mins. The default value is 60 mins
}
```

![](https://github.com/testobject/testobject-gradle-plugin/blob/gh-pages/images/ScreenGradlePlugin.png)

Commit message:

Add deprecation warning
As part of MRDC-292, the testobject-gradle-plugin is being deprecated
and replaced by espresso-runner.

README.md, after:

testobject-gradle-plugin
===================
Deprecated
----------
This tool has been deprecated. Please use the [espresso-runner](https://github.com/testobject/espresso-runner) tool instead.

Build instructions
------------------

1. Open IntelliJ
2. Ensure maven project is detected (click Refresh if not)
3. Build Project
4. `mvn install`

TestObject Gradle Plugin
------------------------

Use this plugin to upload your apk and test apk to app.testobject.com and execute the provided test cases.

If it's need you can also run your test cases as a package. This is recommended for users who are using a custom runner to do internal filtering.

At the end of the test run a junit xml file will be written into the folder named "testobject" under the build folder of your project. This xml file holds the information about the test run and it can be integrated with your jenkins server.

See the sample build.gradle config below:

```
buildscript {
        repositories {
                mavenCentral()
                maven { url 'http://nexus.testobject.org/nexus/content/repositories/testobject-public-repo' }
        }
 
        dependencies {
                classpath 'com.android.tools.build:gradle:0.12+'
                classpath group: 'org.testobject', name: 'testobject-gradle-plugin', version: '0.0.39'
        }
}

apply plugin: 'android'
apply plugin: 'testobject'

android {
	...
}

testobject {
	username "your-username" // the username you use for login into testobject, not your email
	password "your-password" // your password you use for login into testobject
	team "a-team-name" //the name of the team the user belongs to, see nr. 1 in screenshot below,  (optional, if the user is not part of a team)
	app "your-app-name" // name of your app, see nr. 2 in screenshot below
	testSuite 17 // id of your test suite, see nr. 3 in screenshot below
	runAsPackage true // This is a new feature we recently brought. If you are using custom runners and doing internal filterings we recommend you to use it like this. If not this option can be deleted or set as false
	failOnUnknown true // If you want your test to fail when one of the devices in the test suite is unavailable, set this property to true
	classes = ["com.testobject.foobar.Test1","com.testobject.foobar.Test2"] // This property can be set to run only some test methods
	tests = ["com.testobject.foobar.Test1#test"] // This property can be set to run only some test methods
	annotations = ["com.testobject.annotation.Test"] // This property can be set if you want to only run tests that has this annotation. If the annotation is set on the class then the methods will also inherit it and will be run
	sizes = ["small","medium","large"] // This property can be set if you just want to run tests that have @SmallTest, @MediumTest and @LargeTest annotations. Like annotations, class annotations will again be inherited by the methods 
	testTimeout = 60  // This property can be set if you expect your test suite to take longer than 60 mins. The default value is 60 mins
}
```

![](https://github.com/testobject/testobject-gradle-plugin/blob/gh-pages/images/ScreenGradlePlugin.png)
